feat: Add crash recovery on Windows (#5012)
Chatterino/chatterino2: auxiliary/CMakeLists.txt

if(BUILD_WITH_CRASHPAD)
    if(WIN32)
        # crash-handler is only used on Windows for now.
        add_subdirectory(crash-handler)
    else()

>         message(WARNING "Crashpad was enabled but the custom crash handler is Windows only!")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        message(FATAL_ERROR "Crashpad was enabled but the custom crash handler is Windows only!")
```
